---
layout: post
title: 1.4 Lab 1
prevurl: "units/01/03/"
prevtitle: "1.3 Python"
nexturl: "units/02/01/"
nexttitle: "2.1 : Introduction to Data"
---
For this lab, you will be examining a [Digimon dataset from Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/rtatman/digidb). This dataset contains information about Digimon, short for "digital monsters", and their stats from a game. In this game, you can have a team of 3 Digimon at a time.

Make sure you download the csv file from Google Classroom!
## Objectives
This lab is intended to evaluate your ability to:
  * open, read, and process information from a csv file using Python
    * use variables, lists/dictionaries, functions, loops
  * write a blog post using Markdown
  * update your website with the new post using Git and Terminal


## Task
Write a blog post for your website with responses to the following:
  1. What is the average speed (`Spd`) of all Digimon?
  2. Which 3 Digimon species have the greatest `HP`?
  3. The Digimon on your team are restricted by the total amount of `Memory` that they need. If your team only has `15 Memory`, name a team of *up to* 3 Digimon that has *at least* 300 attack (`Atk`) in total.
  4. Describe your process in finding these answers. Include details such as **who you worked with**, what methods you tried, what worked or didn't work, what could have gone better, and what you learned during this lab. Feel free to attach images, screenshots, pseudocode, etc to elaborate on your response!

Submit your Python file using Google Classroom. You can also find the rubric there.

## Academic Honesty
You _are_ allowed to work with others on this lab, as long as you **do not** share any code! Please refer to [the syllabus]({{site.baseurl}}/syllabus#academic-honesty) for more details.

You _are not_ allowed to use modules we haven't talked about in class.
