---
layout: post
title: 2.7 Lab 2
prevurl: "units/02/06/"
prevtitle: 2.6 Using APIs
nexturl: "units/04/01/"
nexttitle: 3.1 Descriptive Statistics and Limitations
---
As described by Wikipedia, [Animal Crossing: New Horizons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animal_Crossing:_New_Horizons) is a game in which the player controls a character who moves to a deserted island. They can gather and craft items, and customize the island. For this lab, you will be analyzing a dataset of socks that are obtainable in this game. This data was collected by a group of fans who built [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13d_LAJPlxMa_DubPTuirkIV4DERBMXbrWQsmSh8ReK4/edit#gid=486847651) for public use.

## Objectives
This lab is intended to **evaluate** your ability to:
  * obtain data using a web API
  * use Python classes to organize information

This lab is intended to **review** your ability to:
  * use Python for data analysis

## Task
Use the provided API to generate a csv file, which you will then analyze with Python.

Write a blog post that addresses the following prompts. For questions about the dataset, be sure to explain how your code answers the question.

  1. Discuss how you used the API to obtain the dataset.
  2. Which sock has the most variations? If there is more than one answer, then list all of them.
  3. How many socks of each color are there? If a sock has two *different* colors, it should be counted in both. *However*, if a sock has the same Color1 and Color2, make sure you don't double count it!
  4. Discuss your process of how you worked on this lab. Include details such as **who you worked with**, what methods you tried, what worked or didn't work, what could have gone better, and what you learned during this lab. Focus more on the *programming* side of the lab! Feel free to attach images, screenshots, pseudocode, etc to elaborate on your response.

Submit your Python file(s) and a link to your blog post on Google Classroom.

## Academic Honesty
You _are_ allowed to work with others on this lab, as long as you **do not** share any code or files! Please refer to [the syllabus]({{site.baseurl}}/syllabus#academic-honesty) for more details.

You _are_ allowed to use modules we haven't talked about in class, as long as they are **cited**, and in your blog post you include an explanation of how and why they are used.